feat(react-grid): improve column resizing (#2218)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-grid/docs/reference/virtual-table.md

stubHeaderCellComponent | ComponentType&lt;[Table.CellProps](table.md#tablecellprops)&gt; | | A component that renders a stub header cell if the cell value is not provided.
messages? | [Table.LocalizationMessages](table.md#localization-messages) | | An object that specifies the localization messages.

## Interfaces

### VirtualTable.ColumnExtension

Describes additional column properties that the plugin can handle.

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------
columnName | string | The name of the column to extend.

> width? | number &#124; string | The table column width in pixels. Use numeric (for example, `10`) or string values (`10px`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
width? | number &#124; string | The table column width in pixels. Can be specified using numeric (for example, `10`) or string values (`10px`).
```

> width? | number &#124; string | The table column width in pixels. Numeric (for example, `10`) or string values (`10px`) are accepted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
width? | number &#124; string | The table column width in pixels. Use numeric (for example, `10`) or string values (`10px`).
```

> width? | number &#124; string | The table column width. Allow to use 'auto' or number with specified measurement units. Measurment units: 'px'. Number will be automatically converted into pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
width? | number &#124; string | The table column width in pixels or CSS-accepted units ('auto', 'px', '%', 'em', 'rem', 'vm', 'vh', 'vmin', 'vmax').
```
